a. define a constructor for the snake(head piece first)
  1. set velocity vectors to 0, direction to right by giving vx = 1;

  2. create a blank array for children

  3. create a snake variable and add div class snake to use it append it to container as we add child pieces.

  4. set the PIXEL_SIZE to the size of the snake, BOARD_WIDTH(ex :container size(300)/PIXEL_SIZE(5)).

  5. create an start function where we set vectors defined += to the velocity defined. this is to find new position based on the current Velocity

   - define the stop points or borders/walls for the snake to stop
   -(7)make snake move my defining a function outside and call it in the start function
   -(8)also define another function outside to track the movement of the snake and pass it in snake

  6. create a function to direct the snake  where, once the keys are defined in the dom, we should be able to define the co-ordinates for the snake to move.

  7.to move the snake,
   - 1st create for each function for each child to move along with the head piece
   -by setting x += _x and for y, we are updating the position everytime the child moves with head
   - also call render function in it to track the snake movements.
   *not having render function will lead to child elements not following the head, so we have a single pixel moving around leaving single child left behind.

  8.render function is defined to track the snake, so that child elements follow the head ie, to move the snake on the page

  9.create a function to keep adding child elements to the children array


  //frontend logic

  1. create a container variable that is used in our constructor to define snake head attaching to it
  2. create head var and pass container var into the SnakePiece function.
  3. create pieces var and pass head into it
  4. for defining the no. of pieces to attach to head, for loop is defined

  5. set Interval as to how fast it should move
  6. create an event for the keys to be defined, use switch to switch between the keys
